# xroads

Xroads is a X-Plane 11 library which improves the realistic touch of the Ortho4XP created ortho images by hiding the autogenerated street polygons layed out by default. They are usually generated from street databases such as OSM. However, if you're using a ZL17 (or higher) Ortho image, you might prefer to not see the generated streets but the roads as seen on the downloaded satelite images.

To allow better control where to enable or disable these autogen roads, a library.txt file gets generated, which contains the coordinates of all available Ortho4XP tiles. These tiles will then be using the "hidden roads". Locations for which we do not have a Ortho tile, the autogen roads are still being shown.

During the creation of the new net files, the "speed" of the AI cars is being reduced to 70%. This makes the cars travell with a more realistic speed. The 70% is hardcoded in the script but can be modified based on own taste.

There are 2 scripts involved


# genNoRoads.py

This script creates the modified "roads.net" and "roads-EU.net" files to be used within the Ortho4XP tiles. It does this by reading the original X-Plane provided net files and saves a modified copy to the "Custom Scenery/Xroads/1000_roads" folder. These folders are being created if they do not exist.


# genXroads.py

This script is creating the "library.txt" file inside the "Customer Scenery/Xroads" folder. The folder is being created if it does not exist. It first scans for existing zOrtho4XP.. folders and adds an entry to the library.txt for each one to force the use of the new road.net files. Additionally it creates (actually it copies them from the simheaven library) dummy objects to "hide" the parking lots and solar panels, to also use the satelite image rather than the gray polygons.



