
# xroads

Xroads is a X-Plane 11 library which improves the realistic touch of the Ortho4XP created ortho images by hiding the autogenerated street polygons layed out by default. They are usually generated from street databases such as OSM. However, if you're using a ZL17 (or higher) Ortho image, you might prefer to not see the generated streets but the roads as seen on the downloaded satellite images. Xroads will NOT hide bridges, highways, autobahn and railroad tracks.

To allow better control where to enable or disable these autogen roads, a library.txt file gets generated, which contains the coordinates of all available Ortho4XP tiles. These tiles will then be using the "hidden roads". Locations for which we do not have a Ortho tile, the autogen roads are still being shown.

During the creation of the new net files, the "speed" of the AI cars is being reduced to 70%. This makes the cars travell with a more realistic speed. The 70% is hardcoded in the code but can be modified based on own taste.

After installation you simply run the binary again if Ortho tiles have been added or deleted. The program will then just update the library.txt accordingly.


# Installation

Copy the correct binary (xroads.exe for Windows, xroads.mac for macOS) to your X-Plane base directory and execute it.

The program creates a folder "Xroads" in your "Custome Scenery" folder.  Then it copies the "roads.net" and "roads-EU.net" files from the "default scenry" and modifies them on the fly.

It also creates a "library.txt" file inside the "Customer Scenery/Xroads" folder. Therfor it scans for existing zOrtho4XP folders and adds an entry to the library.txt for each one it finds to force the use of the new road.net files. 

To improve the great X-Europe even more, it creates dummy objects and facades to "hide" the parking lots and solar panels, to also use the satellite image rather than the gray autogen polygons. 

The content of an optional xroads.opt is being appended to the library.txt, which allows manual additions.


# Uninstall

Simply delete the "Xroads" folder in your "Custom Scenery" folder and restart X-Plane. No other file has been changed. 


# scenery_packs.ini

Make sure the Xroads folder stay on the top of your scenery_packs.ini.


# Build

Windows:

    requires "dirent.h"  ( i.e. from https://github.com/tronkko/dirent/blob/master/include/dirent.h )

	cl xroads


macOS:

	make xroads



